First, we need to remove all the screws
Now the second set of screws on the opposite side
Let's open up the router by slightly pulling to the front
and then lifting the top cover
Here is the slot for SIM card
In this particular model, we need to remove Wi-Fi card to access it
Other revisions might have easier access to the SIM slot
But lifting Wi-Fi card is enough, no need to disconnect the pigtails
Now it is the time to insert the SIM card
Make sure it doesn't require a PIN code beforehand ;-)
SIM is now properly placed in the holder
We can now return the Wi-Fi card where it belongs
and put in the screws
Now it's time to put in mPCIe -> M.2 adapter
First we need to remove the screws that are already there
Insert the adapter
And also the aluminum riser
And screw everything together
Let's prepare the 5G card
It needs to be in contact with the case because of cooling
We peel of the cover of the aluminum block
And glue it to the 5G card (next to M.2 connector)
We insert the card into the adapter
and secure it there with the plastic pin
We will no longer need the old top cover
Let's prepare the new one
It has two extra holes
We will start with the longest pigtail
It goes to the right side of the cover
Add the pad
and the nut
Now we need the second shortest pigtail
And we will put it to the second hole in the top cover
Now we need to remove rubber plugs from the case
It might require some force ;-)
Now we will insert the longer pigtail
It goes to the hole further away from 5G card
Notice that the holes are D shaped
So is the connector on the pigtail
It helps to secure it in place
But it is still better to use a wrench ;-)
Even for pigtails on the lower part of the case
Now it is the time to connect the other ends of the pigtails to the 5G card
We will start with the ones on the bottom part of the case
Now the harder part - the upper cover
Once secure, make sure that the case can be closed
And peel of the protective cover from the aluminum block on the 5G card
And let's put the case back together
Start slightly to the front and carefully push it back
Make sure the LEDs are aligned with the holes in the case
before pushing it all the way back
Now it's a time to put all the screws back
Try not to loose any ;-)
I said don't loose them :-)
That's better ;-)
The last part - 5G antennas
And we are done with the hardware setup :-)